everybody let's go I've been very kind
to us lately on these Eton run so we're
due for a garbage one ooh careful what
you wish for
stats are okay item is dangerous hey
actually the the metronomes dangerous
potentially good but dangerous and the
spider bite is actually solid but 2.83
damage is bad a trait of fire is great
1.0 through speed is good enough in our
seat is TV 6 X 8 0 C 0 last run started
in in actually a position that was a
little similar to this one and ended up
balling out of control due to like a
well-timed monstros long brimstone oh by
the way we have the relic
you know lusty blood etc etc we ended up
popping off oh I didn't think we'd get
around that corner there yeah we ended
up popping off on that run and I hope
that we end up having a similar sort of
thing happen this time but we're also I
do sort of this is self inflating I want
a difficult run and the reason I want a
difficult run oh good we got the belly
button for one room that should be
helpful the reason I want a difficult
run is because it looks good to be
honest with you what do I didn't even
see ahead of the keeper it looks good to
win that run when you win a run that
everybody expects you to win everyone
goes yeah of course you want and that's
fair
there's there's an element of fairness
there at least I don't choose the items
that we get but when the items are good
and you win you know it's like the
Golden State Warriors I don't follow
basketball but I follow stats to some
extent and before the NBA's NBA season
everyone was like closely a 99% chances
even kick the blade it introduced better
to it or do the Cleveland Cavaliers
against the Golden State Warriors and
then it was the Cleveland Cavaliers
against the Golden State Warriors nobody
went like a good job you made the finals
everyone was like you know
congratulations you fulfilled the
expectations that were set for you
I really thought we can make it through
there but with one bomb we should be
able to access the tempted rock we are
in kind of a not amazing
we at Ludo there at the end but we're in
kind of a not amazing situation
damage-wise metronome is rarely going to
be able to be relied upon to fix that
for us but I will say I'm happy to have
Ludo for this room because it gives me a
good opportunity to just you know chew
up these poops and go there any extra
money for us might like outside chance
we're able to make the shop worthwhile
now extremely outside shams nothing ooh
you know what if you're going to be
committed to Zayn you got to respect the
metronome it just is what it is
basically the metronome is a same once
every two rooms we'll get a random item
rarely is it going to be anything to be
honest with you I don't want the secret
room I want this rarely is it going to
be worthwhile but in the situations in
which it is worthwhile I'm going to be
stoked like for example right now very
very nice damage upgrade that coincides
with us getting small rock as well which
is the speed downgrade that we can
afford but would prefer not to
and there you know honestly them taken
care of so no problems I'm just going to
add down to the next floor and be very
happy with the way this floor went with
the exception of HP's in a dicey spot so
you know what that's a good thing it
keeps us on our toes here we've been
we've been itching to have that happen
recently ten cents means we don't the
chute poop just the same way that love
means never having to say you're sorry
it can be in conception on this room I
can't think of more of a tease of an
item right now came being conception we
got hit enough times to kill us would
also give us greatness here why don't we
have oh because we have a pinky I didn't
even notice I was I just saw enemies
getting poisoned and of course my first
instinct was not to look at my trinket
but rather to go oh I guess the
metronome carries a passive you know 1
in 10 chance to shoot a poison fear
effect that's my own personal foible
there but I was also hopeful like I've
gotten trained by the virus to be like
if I see an enemy getting poisoned
serpents kiss does this too then there's
a chance that they're going to give us a
black card obviously not the case in
this situation but that's fine I will
take the eternal heart if strictly
necessary as soon as we need it but as
of right now I'd rather keep it back
there to preserve the chance of a given
of something worthwhile so what happens
there I got blue candle and as a result
got nothing oh don't hate me because I'm
right here you've got to take mom's
knife you're on one and a half HP with
no guarantee of ever getting stuff in
the future absolutely you take mom's
knife in that situation and we'll try to
build synergies around it but a deal
with the devil mom's life is one thing a
mom's knife in which you know it might
make the difference between success and
failure is another thing altogether look
at that basically over the course of
like three rooms we went from danger
Will Robinson
you know then a Dae Sheldon The Big Bang
Theory to actually being in a great spot
you know what we tried it now we're
going to buy it came being conception
good item not really incredible for us
right now but of course has the
potential
get there in the future so next step in
our plan is just not forgetting about
the eternal heart back there which is
extremely valuable but this run really
went from zero to sixty like as quickly
as a run possibly can short of getting
like all of the guppy items
consecutively this is like again you
almost have to put yourself in a intern
apologetic like I'm sorry sort of
standpoint oh and then the arcade was
right next to us not that we would have
played it with just spirit arts anyway
but if we'd found this earlier we could
have had 15 cents easily we still
probably could but I just blow up our
donation machine like that's what the
donation machine at nine hundred and
eighty cents that's what it's there for
we've already proven we can get it back
you know I guess we might as well look
for like some invincibility it's not
like the metronome was doing too much
else for us right now
you know ensures chew a month one penny
makes it all worthwhile I was just
joking at that point it would have
required a nickel or something because
that was just a little cost prohibitive
from our precious life force kind of
angle really is my brain is broken and
cannot find a shop maybe on the left
here yeah definitely on the left here
mom's purse is more fun like the
stopwatch I you know what I'm an idiot
because the stopwatch is a speed upgrade
now and maybe has been for a hundred
years you wouldn't you did six cents you
know what you learn something new every
day
for example I've lived that we I've
learned that we live in a cold in
emotionless universe apparently where
they won't let me get this one extra
pain you get a speed upgrade I mean I
mind you I'm at one point one two speeds
so it's not that bad I'm somewhat
worried that that would have killed us
we did have and it looked like we had
enough I think but and if the item had
been better I might have been more
tempted to give it a shot but
with negative 0.98 luck I don't see the
the role of making gimpy attempting to
make gimpy work here and hilariously it
worked for us immediately so it just
goes to show you you know the more you
know the less you know people roasted
george w bush for saying this quote and
i'm paraphrasing and certainly you know
i grew up as a canadian during the bush
administration without making it
political I was 16 years old in 2004 you
can probably guess what the general
discourse was and in our neighborhood
and that my circle of friends around
2004 but the point is I always thought
that despite being in eloquent he got
unjustly roasted sometimes for quotes
that are actually they sound idiotic but
have some truth behind them for example
when he said you know there's known
unknowns and unknown unknowns that is
it's a ridiculous statement because it
sounds silly but it's actually like one
of the smartest freakin things you could
ever say what he's admitting is that
there's things that we know that we
don't know and then there's things that
we don't we can't even conceive of not
knowing yet you know you for example
like you know oh we can not know you
know the exact position of something in
the celestial map but know that it's
there because of the way that it affects
you know like light bends around it on
on a telescope or something like that
you go okay well there has to be
something of this mass here what we
understand example of a known unknown we
don't know what's there but there must
be something there that we can derive
that you know we can deduce that and an
unknown unknown is like you know what
planet is life on if there is life on
another planet except for Earth you know
we can't even conceive of that at the
present moment dude I don't know the
metronome I'm just going to be honest we
kind of sting
I don't understand it I'm gonna take
cramp as I said now don't think this is
me glorifying the Bush administration at
all I keep the show apolitical because
I'm I'm ignorant of it but I understand
just think this as like this is my way
of saying like I'm not saying I'm
vilifying it or glorifying it but of all
the things exhibit the lasting legacy of
george w bush's
well i mean obviously not just this but
people i mean i guess i'm just trying to
say that I always thought despite being
mildly and eloquent a lot of his sound
bites that he got made fun of for are
not necessarily incorrect and known
unknowns thing was the one that bothered
me the most because it was like I
actually agree with that a hundred
percent but maybe I'm paraphrasing the
quote to make it a little better in my
mind as well also like you know you
can't say this as a politician but you
said you know a dictatorship would be
alright as long as I was a dictator I
think I was just sort of a funny quote
that has sinister connotations because
of the era in which it was stated but at
the same time you know having any of us
thought the same thing that'd be like
man not always but every once in a while
you're like things will be so much
better for me if I was running this show
like there's another this show is in
danger of becoming political at this
point but it's mostly just I find the
context interesting Rahm Emanuel had a
quote like two years ago I'm basically
taking this wholesale from the hardcore
history podcast it's that it's something
you can't say but also has like you know
it's not necessarily a bad quote where
he said you never let a good catastrophe
er never let a good crisis go to waste
and you know what he's saying is if
something happens that allows you to
push your agenda you should take
advantage of it from a political
standpoint obviously is the kind of
thing that happens all the time but it's
just it's a terrible thing to say
overtly but it you know pulls back the
veil of of what's happening behind the
scenes
you know that's originally I thought
that was like a Julius Caesar quote or
something
originally let me you know what that's a
good time to Google that never let a
good crisis go to waste
who said no crisis should go to waste
Winston Churchill that's right was
either her Julius Caesar or Winston
Churchill all right and again this was
not in the interest of making the show
political rather just it was making the
show have something to do with politics
for once which is just interesting for
me from a context sort of standpoint I
want to look up the known unknowns focus
maybe I'm not giving it the disservice
it deserves known unknowns quote there
are no no oh it's Donald Rumsfeld as
well it's not George W Bush reports that
say something hasn't happened are always
interesting to me because as we know
there are known knowns the things we
know we know we also know there are
known unknowns that is to say we know
there are some things we do not know but
there are also unknown unknowns the ones
we don't know we don't know and if one
looks throughout the history of our
country and other free countries it's
the latter category that tends to be
difficult ones to that phrase although
perhaps used to push an agenda is I
think technically true but I might be in
over my head at this point I'm just
looking at it from a linguistic
standpoint and I guess like putting it
through like a scientific lens as well
that's a really interesting quote to
think about I'm pulling back the the
ironic veil of northernlion right now
and now it's like people are going to be
like NL's personal hero is Donald
Rumsfeld absolutely not true my personal
hero was Sam Raimi as long as you
ignored 2007 and just like pretend that
spider-man 3 doesn't exist instead
imagine that he just went straight from
like spider-man 2 to drag me to hell
admittedly it's a little bit of verbal
spaghetti but at the same time I can't
find my way out of this topic of
conversation when I talk about verbal
spaghetti anyway there's something we
can all get behind
Ligeti except for me I feel like I
spaghetti is a more divisive topic than
the merit of that quote and the reason
is the reason is everybody loves
spaghetti except me and I don't
understand it
I think I've just never had masterpiece
theater level ten out of ten spaghetti
please give me a spirit heart I really
could use it at this point in my life
I'll take a steam sale but I haven't
you've witnessed a serious evolution of
northernlion
if you've been watching these videos for
long enough you know back in 2012 the
2011 let's say when these videos for
Isaak first started I had probably
consumed pasta a little dicey there
maybe like less than a dozen times in my
adult life sincerely and I'm like I
don't like spaghetti it mostly came from
a place of ignorance I really didn't
like pasta that much and I still did
this day almost always prefer other
carbohydrates but I have eaten a lot
more pasta now my wife enjoys Italian
food so if it's a special occasion
sometimes we'll go to a nice Italian
restaurant and that involves pasta
showing up sometimes you know and then I
you didn't I go that's actually pretty
good and even at home like make like a
sausage penne or a chicken Francois or
chicken Francaise I don't know I think
we I think we've Canadian eyes chicken
Francois up here or chicken Francaise to
make a chicken Francois but anyway I'm
very into those I love ravioli I love
you know penne linguini spaghettini the
weird like North Italian
irregular pasta that I can never
remember the name of but I'm just silly
even a little lasagna which you
shouldn't strike you as too surprised
because I know it's beloved but for me
lasagna was like the hurdle I was like I
really get it's like a weird deep-dish
Pizza sort of thing that I don't fully
understand but I've gotten over and
there's been
Nani's that I've had where I'm like this
is pretty great at least we got secret
room access here but spaghetti I've
never had like a ten out of ten
spaghetti and we still have no you know
what check it out that was so not worth
it but also hilarious I've never had I
think a ten out of ten spaghetti that
made me respect the pasta I think I
missed out on the childhood of spaghetti
where you eat a lot of it and then you
come to like enjoy the taste of it even
if it's not ten out of ten so you oh
this is like I'm not trying to say that
your love of spaghetti is a lie if you
love spaghetti rather what I'm saying is
if you eat a lot of something you become
familiar with it you become able to
recognize the good stuff which I can't
really so I might just be deadened with
respect to my senses when it comes to
spaghetti which would be a dang shame
there's no question about it okay we got
to get five cents back here come on come
on come on let's freakin go take the map
go along with that
and as a result of missing out on that I
think that I've left myself like
basically my spaghetti senses are
deadened I can't I can't respect
spaghetti I wish I could maybe one day
I'll get there that'll be the the cruel
joke of nature is that I'll have a son
he'll look exactly like my hero Donald
Rumsfeld and then every meal will be
like cook me spaghetti and I'm like son
you're not you know to stand on Allan or
cook the noodles for can I just make you
sick can't just make you a mother sauce
instead can I just make you a chili
Chili's kind of like spaghetti with no
noodles there would be noodles no I want
spaghetti all right Donald you're gonna
have a spaghetti I'm sorry Christopher
okay this is a weird episode man this is
normally your your like and now could
you get to the point where you say like
hey your brains fried from recording so
much Isaac and this is going to be the
last episode of the day because you're
broken not this is like the third Isaac
episode of what promises to be a long
day recording Isaac so we're off the
freakin rails already praised you know
the 2004 era Bush administration no like
did it we're making it a joke at this
point but all I'm saying is for all the
things to roast them over that quote it
makes me mad because even if I don't
understand it like please don't talk
about this again I feel like the quote
makes sense maybe it was used to justify
something that doesn't make sense but I
think if we forget who said it and we
just go you know look you talk about the
concept of unknown unknowns and known
unknowns
I actually feel there's a nugget of
self-awareness in there that I respect a
lot it's like the spirit of Sciences is
known unknowns and unknown unknowns
there's things that we don't know that
we can actively you know structure
experiments are trying to find out why
don't I say we as if you know me and the
other scientists they just invite me
along because I'm a preternatural talent
but you know they you can structure
experiments to try to find out stuff
about other stuff that we can't even
conceive of yet of course now the
justification was not used for a magical
like you know human nature sort of thing
but even at the time I was like the
quote strikes me as not being as
roustabout but again it comes down to
both sides as well like the whole Howard
Dean thing is I oh my god Lee Howard
Dean got torn apart in the media because
he got excited he won a primary and then
we're and we're gonna go to Idaho we're
gonna go to Colorado I'm never gonna go
to Washington take back the White House
woo you know he made them Italy so my
man it's a weird sound
don't get me wrong but you know this a
different era I see the reason I don't
like Howard Dean is gone on record many
times saying to first names
can't trust anybody with two first names
ooh
we don't have Gympie this read hard
please give me a spirit heart out of it
I mean we got to be a little cautious
here no doubt apparently my idea of
caution is giving up like half my HP to
that situation right there but what do
you got for me okay I mean this is like
I've created this monster but the the
general gist of this is that I probably
should not have to worry about our HP
like a couple of waves deep here watch
out for enemies that shoot beams and
apart from that stay far far away wait
for red hearts to drop
this is our nightmares an enemy that
shoots beams Wow combined with an enemy
that disappears
he's done it
just waiting on these red hearts dude we
got 1.02 luck I don't believe the game
will allow us to never get another
consumable but I'm like honestly very
frightened about this situation but it's
so obviously like a net positive in the
long term if we can just get a spirit
hard to keep ourselves alive or even
some red hearts to keep ourselves alive
for the time being like it's actually
like tech X is a ten out of ten pickup
the only reason it's dicey is because I
mean the obvious sight thing okay two
enemies would shoot beams as well the
only reason is dicey at all is because
of the the lack of HP that it's left us
with you know in them in the present
moment we can get to spirit art so this
goes from like a three out of ten
survivability to a ten out of ten what
are you I'm you look stronger always put
on like a Robert Redford voice for that
I don't understand first off because
that's just like American right uncle
voice
American great-uncle my favorite Kanye
West song mmm take me to Cusco I wanna
eat buffet I really want to let you read
you will take me far away from here
American uncle to see that is more
impressive than you would expect because
it's got heard American girl like four
times in my entire life believe it or
not I know it's a very popular song or
was eight years ago and one of those
times was Dan Gees lling doing it at
karaoke so not necessarily
representative of the of the song
completely not that I would do any
better I'm just saying dude I need no
consumables huh that's the kind of boss
freshness is going to be we've been hit
once which is completely acceptable if
we just hadn't gone down like 0hp dare I
suggest like that we deserve more credit
for playing a video game certainly
that's an absurd thing to begin with
here but like we had no reason to double
down on making this already incredibly
strong run any stronger
I've done it for entertainments sake and
it may come back to bite me in the butt
so again I'm not saying like oh you guys
you know you owe me all I'm saying is
recognize that this is a bit of an
exceptional scenario and I sincerely
can't believe we've got no consumables
we did all of boss rush and got no heart
it's really really bad because it means
if we get a hit once we'll die so the
boss fights are probably two are like
lower right here
we gotta like try to bomb our way
through know so we got to do the big
room I'll be straight up with you I'm
like 50/50 we're going to die on this
floor if we don't die on this floor we
will probably win the run but like I
have never seen or at least recently
have not seen a run be so uncooperative
the most common consumable has not shown
up given like 18 opportunities so black
room is fantastic come on come on come
on though that was actually frightening
so that you know what good learning
lessons don't don't take these enemies
for granted dude I know you're going to
hook me up
you can't not hook me up
can't be a bad it can't be bailed bad
bill at this point we should go back
hopefully not a greed fight didn't mean
to be here
oh I've squandered this there a second
one there is we've made through the hard
part
it's a greed fight dude I'm being
straight up with you this run is cruel
thank you we need it that's not for you
not yet one of these days but not right
now he deflected off the edge if I may
take the opportunity to complain about a
run that has tech X and mom's knife do
want to point out we do have 3.75 damage
3.75 damage with mom's knife is not
equal to 3.75 damage without mom's knife
it's like that you know
oh my rate of fire is 20 but I have
chocolate milk you know it's still way
way way better than normal but never at
4.18 this is well below average
mom's knife or not the fact that we can
spam these shots so quickly is worth a
lot as well this will definitely not be
a hush fight this gendron's going
straight up here and I'm still I mean I
did say if we live there's a great
chance we're going to win the entire run
and I still believe that but it's not
like we we picked up a ton of help there
I mean even the next red heart as far as
I'm concerned should go to me and then
at that point we'll start giving them
back to dark bomb which which only
exists because it can be in conception
to begin with but it's like a rare
situation in which can be in conception
into dark bomb is anything but like at
least eight out of ten
the room is actually really easy and I'm
saying that predominantly because I just
made it through without getting hit
otherwise they'll be singing a different
tune with lyrics change to represent the
fact that we're playing The Binding of
Isaac but I still think you know if you
just sit back and take a second there
that rooms not so bad we do have 1.5
speed though it's a little bit on the
lower side of speed it might be a
different situation this is an asteroid
I can't span the shots as often as you
think I'm not sure if it's like there's
some kind of deleterious moms knife plus
tech X thing going on but it's not as
easy as just tap shooting the tap
shooting is not working we are rate of
fire might be like slightly too slow it
attacks you here but you're probably
right if you're watching this you're
going why is this dude not taking
advantage of the fact that he has the
ability to spam these tech X shots you
are probably getting pretty close to the
meat of the issue when it comes to our
DPS I think the other part of the issue
here is that well there's two parts one
is that we want to hey with mom's knife
because it also does a lot of damage so
if we can get the best of both worlds
it's good but the other part is just
that our raw damage is kind of think
it's like a Limburger that was the go to
stink I was the go-to stinky cheese when
I was a kid watching cartoons was it
probably X tilde now back in the day was
like lamb burger April all right we want
a black rune everything get out of here
good damage up I mean we knew they were
going to be stats up so it's nice but
now 6.18 damage which is like almost
pretty good
and again 6.18 damage with mom's knife
is like you know 15 damage without it
it's a half heart so it belongs to me
and our boss fight is it seems to be in
a pretty obvious location here just down
at the bottom left this was such a weird
run because I asked for a difficult run
it didn't really deliver like that we
have two of the strongest items in the
game combined so like I'm not at all
complaining plus we have our bomb one of
like the best defensive items in the
game
Bar None and yet still I find myself
being like why are we not steamrolling I
think we just we had like deceptively
bad stats but the run was not bad I put
it in a bad spot I wouldn't say
intentionally but I put it in a bad spot
by taking tech X which we didn't need
but it added a nice little like
long-range factor I just if you had told
me that taking tech X would have meant
we'd never get a spirit heart again like
if you told us I mean it's not like
there's causalities ever if you've told
us that after taking tech X we'd never
get another spirit heart I wouldn't have
taken I would have been justifiably
frightened and so it might not look like
it but we did have to play relatively
well to bring this run to what seemed to
be as obvious conclusion like it's
prophesied victory
we might get a payout in fact I think
we're essentially guaranteed to payout
might not be a spirit hard but the game
does to make a lot like to make a liar
out of me why did that symptoms come out
so strangely
dude this happened so frequently getting
Eden's blessing at the very end of a run
and it's so nice because now you go you
know what I'm excited for the next Eden
run
start with a little extra value and no
void another fast one but this one was
scary I hope you enjoyed it if you did
click the like button now it's not a
great deal of course subscribe you wanna
see more in the future for now though
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed it
and I'll see you next time